Then you will know
You have been with Lu Zhengbo for so long
Should have known
He has a lot of women out there, right?
I'm just a feature
I have no right to advise on Mr. Lu's matter
What to catch
You are not a good bird either
I'll tell you what.
I am not allowed to do such a betrayal of my family
You have to pay the price
Sorry I can't do anything.
no makeup
The person he trusts the most is you
Only you can help me
Transfer his property to my name
If you don't
Then your grandma, don't touch my grandma
It depends on whether you listen or not
I can't dream
I seem to have remembered something
He's all blurry bits.
I don't know if it's true.
It's okay, I'm here.
Ah, do you still have the face to come to the company?
Ah but you don't have to thank me
Everyone is too enthusiastic
I've packed everything for you.
You can leave anytime.
Who let you touch my stuff?
You lost a walnut that big
He was humiliated by the bosses at the banquet
The people who possessed it have been lost by you
Uncle, I will replace your parents today.
Educate you well